In the last lecture we use this energy our state.
And I know it can look really confusing with all these reducers and the state being added here.
We're just building up the basics right now though it will become much easier once the basics are set.
And once you get the files set up as it will prove to you.
Now when we add an ingredient let's dispatch an action we already have the action configured here and
we're checking for it in our producer.
So we have to do now is dispatch it.
We want to dispatcher when ever we edited our shopping list or when we added a new component.
So let's go to the shopping edit component here and there we get the on submit check where we check
if were in edit mode and if we're not them and edit mode I want to add an ingredient.
So this is very I want to dispatch a new action for that I will simply inject the store here.
Q private store which is of type store imports data from Angie our X as before.
So at this import and with that added We now have to set to type here again.
And of course that's the same type as before.
Now if you don't want to write this type as here with shopping list ingredients and so on.
You could of course also take the short cut and just say any.
But I'll repeat it.
Now with the store set up here we can call this patch and as I said we want to do this here when we
add an ingredient.
So I'll say this store dispatch and now we want to dispatch a new action actionis described or is a
javascript object.
But since we already have our actions configured in his actions file we can take advantage of this add
ingredient class and it is very it is action set up and typing here starts to make sense.
We want to dispatch does an ingredient action so let's imported all at import here at the top or import
everything from that actions file as shopping list actions.
So from that fall which leaves in the store folder to shopping list actions fall so is the variable
the object all the exports from the fall are saved.
And now here in dispatch I will create a new instance of the shopping list actions add ingredient class.
So keep in mind that's dishcloths and dishcloths now has his payload we can set now to set us right
in the constructor all the justice code by adding a constructor.
I'm going to use the Times quote shortcut of turning this argument right into a property of dishcloths
by adding in Access or in front of it.
And then payload can be set.
So now I got my payload I can set payload will be an ingredient still.
So just just this.
So we have a constructor we can use.
Now with that I can conveniently past ingredients here to the constructor and this will of course be
the new ingredient like this.
So with that let's save this and let's see if it works it should work just like Ted.
So let's head over to our application.
It should have reloaded.
And let's add the good old test ingredient five of them and let's look at and you see was added.
So everything works just like before.
And even though we had to do a lot of set up before now it was basically a single line which allows
us to edit our state.
And this hopefully shows you a bit of the reduced complexity.
This brings us in the end because keep in mind before we had to subscribe to changes in our ingredients
here and update them whenever we saw changes we admitted any event in our shopping lists service whenever
something changed.
Well now we can get rid of this thing of getting DDNS we can get rid of this code here.
And therefore of our subscription we can get rid of on the steroids since we don't need to manage our
description any subscription anymore.
Get rid of that import our tilt became much leaner because now we got energy are x managing everything
behind the scenes through observables and therefore we still have that reactivity from before where
we use the subject to get informed about changes.
Now enjoy your excess doing all of that and Trigger's change detection and we just got a few lines interacting
with our store and we have a state which is immutable managed in one central place place introducer
year in the end.
And we can't accidentally change it.
And if we do want to change it we add an action and we dispatched as action.
Now let's add actions for all the other things we can do like add multiple ingredients update ones or
delete ingredients.